Allow methods to be used for flexible searchable_fields (#10199)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/02_Developer_Guides/00_Model/11_Scaffolding.md

```

> Use a single search field that matchs on multiple database fields with `'match_any'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a single search field that matches on multiple database fields with `'match_any'`
```

```php
class Order extends DataObject
{
    private static $has_one = [
        'Customer' => Customer::class,
        'ShippingAddress' => Address::class,
    ];

    private static $searchable_fields = [
        'CustomFirstName' => [
            'title' => 'First Name',
            'field' => TextField::class,
            'filter' => 'PartialMatchFilter',
            'match_any' => [

>                 // Searching with "First Name" will show Orders with matching Customer or Address names

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                // Searching with the "First Name" field will show Orders matching either Customer.FirstName or ShippingAddress.FirstName
```
